Oh yeah! Can you feel it? Oh baby! Let me hear it! Let me hear it baby! Give it up!
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, Harmontown is now in session! I'm the controller tonight, Rob Schrab!
Oh boy! Lower your expectations! Let's bring out Spencer! Spencer Dungeon Mentor! Spencer! Alright, here we go!
Ladies and gentlemen, the man himself, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon! Alright! Alright! Alright Dan!
Alright! Dan! Dan Harmon! That's a nice shirt you're wearing there tonight, Dan! Where'd you get a shirt like that?
Where does one get a shirt like that, Dan? Like if I wanted to click on your chest, what would pop up?
Would Amazon pop up? Or would Tee Public pop up? Or would... The rapper? The rapper pop up? Where can I get a shirt like that?
Zen Monkey Studios, I think is the... Zen Monkey Studios! They've taken it upon themselves to be as prolific as the bootleggers.
That's the new t-shirt market. You gotta make a million t-shirts a week, so they're all very relevant. That's a long slogan!
Guess Comptroller Rob Schrab is here with us tonight. I was in my pajamas, watching South Park reruns, nuggling with my dog and eating my cereal.
You don't want to get those in the wrong order.
Oh boy! Why? And then I texted you and I said, Jeff dropped out of the show, and so I replaced him with Ryan Ridley, who just dropped out of the show.
And Bobcat Goldthwait cannot do it. Andy Kiddler's not writing back. And to make a long story short, would you do me the honor of guest comptrolling tonight?
Yes. And call you an Uber too.
Well you bail me out and oh well well you're up, why don't you press the button to call you an Uber and pick me up?
You asked...
I said, hey, have you left yet? No, you want to pick me up?
Oh he's going to prove me wrong.
No, no, no, I'm just looking at my oups here. There's not a lot of them.
Hi Spencer, I haven't seen you in a while, Spencer.
Hey man, yeah, I didn't go to the movie, watch movies with you that time you invited me, I feel bad.
You mean my birthday party?
Oh no, I was thinking about a completely unrelated occasion.
Yeah, that was another time you didn't write me back.
Yeah, no. It happens a lot, I'm a bad person.
Hey Dan.
Hello. Tonight was a rare sighting of the very, very unique, fleeting, evasive, full, panted Spencer.
I'm wearing pants.
Spencer, stand up and let's not look at your legs.
Show some lack of leg.
Are those at the bottom of the drawer?
That just looks like shorts though.
What's that?
For most angles, that would have just looked like shorts would, you know, above the knees and everything.
Alright, so, you know, the Ridley, I just wanted to make fun of him because he bailed like two hours before the show.
How did that conversation go?
Hey man.
Well, I don't talk to anybody on the phone, but I'll talk, you know, it was...
Guess what happened?
This is Ridley's professionalism.
I bothered to text him at 5.03 p.m. and said, you're going to come control tonight because I asked him on Friday before I left.
Oh, I wasn't doing anything Friday either.
I mean, okay.
So I just got back on Sunday at 5.03 p.m. and I said, you're going to come control tonight.
That's called verification, that's not confirmation.
You are confirming the thing.
And he texts back, I can't tonight.
And I text back, fuck!
And then I started texting people like crazy.
And then at some point in there, he said, you don't have any other options?
And I said, I'll figure something out.
It's not an exciting, but then his response was, okay.
All of that means that he's on another Tinder date.
That's what that means.
He swiped, right, or got swiped, right?
I don't get it, man.
Well, the old fellas were in an Uber coming here, so it got us to talking about the Tenders.
Neither of which we've ever used because I was married and you've been married a while now, probably pre-Tinder marriage.
Pre-Tinder marriage?
And definitely, we both have pre-Tinder bodies.
I mean, you're a fit guy, but I just mean we're fucking old.
I mean, Tinder, time to start a fire with Ralph from marketing.
No, I want sash from Subway.
I'm horny, not naive.
I don't want someone to explain ISIS to me.
I want to come.
I can't explain ISIS to anybody.
Okay, so for real, and then Rob is saying, so it's just for fucking.
But is it just for fucking or is it for...
Well, I don't think it's for love.
I think it's for fucking.
It's not for moving in.
And it's not moving in there.
No.
Oh wait, there's a lesbian joke on there somewhere, right?
Isn't that the lesbian stereotype that they move in with each other?
You can write that joke backwards and make your lesbian friends feel sad and dehumanized.
Write it backwards?
Yeah, it's cool.
Now that you know the punchline is moving in there.
So you go like, hey, did you hear that there's a dating app for lesbians?
It's called moving in there.
I mean, I'm just saying, this is how comedy works.
It's like blocks.
You just go, pfft.
You don't laugh.
You just go, got milk.
It's five o'clock.
My children are hungry.
I don't have children.
My man, I could like, needs a new pair of shoes.
Anyway, so is there maybe a millennial?
Well, let's not be ages.
There might be a 48-year-old person here that's like a Tinder expert.
But is that maybe we want to just come up with this?
Oh god, I would love to.
Hello.
He's got like a gorgeous, drawn Jeremy looking guy.
He comes up with a marching name.
The I.B. of service.
My name is Sebastian Fuxalot.
Some George the K guy comes up.
Oh my.
Yeah.
Is there anybody that's been getting used out of Tinder one way or another?
All right.
We've got, I think we have a familiar, a Harmontown person here in front of our family, a front
rower.
Let's make this easy.
Come on up.
Yay.
All right.
Well, this is a segment called, if you sit down here, then it's easy for the Carl's
Jr., whoever it is.
Whoever we work for now.
Well done.
Because you're so thin, it was blocking you.
Aw, damn.
What a gentleman.
I objectified her.
Okay, so yeah, your name again?
I'm Leah.
Leah.
Okay.
You've been up here before, right?
Like a year and a half ago or something like that.
To the day.
Yeah.
It's on my calendar.
There are little hearts on it.
So this is actually my anniversary.
I played D&D at one point.
Okay.
So tinder us.
Like the grandpa.
Walk us through a day in the life of the tinder person.
Yeah.
I actually haven't been on it for a year, but I used to be.
Oh, God.
I used to be on it like a lot.
I definitely, you know, I definitely got some mileage out of that web.
Jesus Christ.
You sure?
Come down.
Well, what does mileage mean?
I mean, what did I try to do?
Mildage.
What is the typical, what is the typical tinder encounter?
Like, like from soup to nuts.
And I do mean, I mean, it's miles of dick.
What's the soup?
It's actual soup.
If you're near a soup place.
Well, actually I'm looking for a new place to live right now because my housemate met
her boyfriend on tinder.
And so he's moving in.
So it is for love.
Sometimes it's for love.
Well, love finds a way.
Yeah.
You always try to hit it and quit it.
Fire at close range, you think.
But then you fall in love because it's like.
That frog DNA in there.
And then I'll, you know, nature.
Then you start laying in your eggs.
Wait, man.
Then you're next to, you know, you're out of the paddock and you're at site B.
T-Rex is after you.
You gotta go, must go faster, man.
Gotta get out of there.
It doesn't matter who throws a road flare.
You're visual acutely.
She is.
Is it based on light?
It's based on motion.
Right.
Yeah.
Gotta eat that toilet lawyer and fucking.
Welcome back.
You know what I'm talking about?
Talking about family.
Objects are closer than they are.
In an ironic sense.
Yeah, man.
Just gotta fucking make that girl clever.
Shit.
Uh, yeah.
You gotta, gotta get in that plastic hamster ball and just slide.
You gotta, gotta have that dream sequence where the raptor's talking at you.
Wait, is that one from the Clone Wars?
That's the third one.
Third one.
Oh, okay.
We saw that in the theater.
Oh, that's, yeah.
Then they say like, hey, Kevin, get over here.
Okay.
Hey, hey, hey.
All right, Leah.
So, so.
Hey, I'm a raptor and I'm eating cream and I'm talking to you.
It's like that.
It's just like Sam Neal's like, and then the raptor goes, hey, can I have some peanuts?
And it's, somebody went, that's terrifying.
All right.
So back to Tinder.
So, so you, so, so you have your phone.
You're, where are you typically surfing your Tinder?
I used to do it with my housemate too and I've also done it with Paul, Paul the whip guy.
Yeah.
Like, well, like, so sometimes it's drunk tindering, which is kind of more fun because
then it's just like a big fun judging game with your body.
Is there a limit on that like, like, like, like, like on those music sharing things where
they don't want you to be able to do next too many times because then that's like not having
to buy music.
So like, look, you got to marry one of these guys or I'll see you tomorrow.
I know what you're doing.
You're judging us.
And unless it changed, I don't think so.
But once in a while it'll run out of people, which is a really sad moment where they're
like, there's no one else in your area for you.
Yeah.
You insatiable sardlock pit.
You bottomless, gaping, gaping.
Sex monster.
Oh my gosh.
The, the, what was, okay, but so, okay, so then you're swiping, sometimes you're doing
it for onesies, like hate, hate swiping.
Yeah.
And then, and then, and then, but then sometimes you're doing it for onesies.
For onesies.
And you're, and you're, and you're swiping.
Yeah.
Well, it's always pretty sincere even if you're doing it with the body, like the objective
is always to get a date.
Doing it was a buddy.
Like what are you doing?
Like you're sitting on the couch.
And you're looking at people together and you're like, I don't like him.
I can't say his name.
Fuck that guy.
You know.
Right.
That's better than a compliment.
Really, any minority?
So, so, so, so, but sometimes, so, so, like, you swipe.
Okay.
But then you see, you see a gentleman, not to presume, but like, like, you see a couple
apart.
A couple.
I've swiped a couple before.
You see a person.
Yeah, you see a human meat, a meat thing.
Yeah.
And you, and you go, like it.
And then you, and then so then is that person getting there?
Are you texting them?
Was it going to a chat thing?
Yeah.
If you both, you can swipe left, which means you're not interested.
Swipe right means that you are interested.
And if you both swipe right to each other, then you're sent to a chat.
So then you can chat with each other.
What if you don't want to?
Most of the time you don't.
And that's always almost like a weird sad thing because you'll match with someone and
it'll tell you it's a match.
And then they're like, do you want to keep playing?
Or do you want to talk to this person?
You're like, I want to keep playing.
Like,
Keep playing like, like looking further or keep like,
It becomes an addiction after a while.
It's just like anything else where you're just like, I just like to swipe things.
You know,
So can you explain so, so, but the people that you're swiping are they, they're also,
they're all the people that are actively swiping.
So there's no chance that you're swiping somebody who's like taking a map, like,
like everyone who's swiping is swiping each other.
It's no, you don't have to be online right.
Like it's anybody that's active on Tinder.
And it's based on like what age range you said you're looking for and like the distance
that you're interested in driving.
And since it's LA, it's like nothing.
Okay.
And so it's the average thing.
Maybe we should just skip all the way ahead too.
If you don't mind us asking this question.
Yeah.
Like how many out of all the times that you, I'm listening, how many, how many, I mean,
how, how many times is this just hooking up?
How many times is it just like a one night, one day stand?
A lot, a significant amount.
But then also I dated a guy dated strong word.
I was interacting with a man for 14 months that I met on Tinder.
Yeah.
But is it a lot of one or a few time interactions?
I get the impression that the people that are most of the people that are using it, are they, is it, is it, is it like dating?
Like, just like everything else where it's like, well, yeah, I want to fuck probably eventually maybe even really fast.
But I'm also not like, is it just like a gas station bathroom?
Well, that's a glory hole.
Is it like E24 for pussy?
Are you in the mood for Chinese?
I actually know three couples that are like serious couples from Tinder.
That's good odds.
Yeah.
I mean, isn't it about fucking having sex and then people are like, oh, having sex is so great.
Let's date.
And then, you know, sometimes relationships happen.
No, what happened was, okay, Tinder is based on the app Grinder, which is for the gay community.
And so that's just for fucking.
Like, so that's why originally it was like, oh, you're hot.
I'm hot.
Do you want to bang?
Let's go over there.
There's a bathroom in between our houses.
And then the houses, there's two houses involved.
It's more adventurous to get a bathroom.
There's bathrooms in both of those houses.
Yeah.
Sometimes multiple bathrooms.
This is West Hollywood.
There's a house and there's a house, but then there's in between each of the houses.
There's a special gay bathroom.
Just for neighbors.
Got it.
Right.
So it's based on Grinder, but then now it's Tinder.
And so now guys have to deal with women.
So I mean, if guys had their way, I'm sure it's still just be like, do you want to meet
them between our houses at the secret heterosexual bathhouse?
But then women are like, no, I want you to buy me dinner and like, you know, learn my
name.
And they're like, God damn it.
And so that's what Tinder is.
It's like a meeting of the sexes where the men, I'm sure, you know, but then one of my
guy friends said that he had an account and he tried different things.
And so when he was saying like, maybe I want a girlfriend, he was only getting like some
people.
And eventually he changed it where he's like, I'm trying to bang.
And then he'd say, you have girls hitting them up all the time.
So he was like, girls are just as nasty as the guys, man.
So it's all just what you're looking for.
Is that what you sound?
Oh, go ahead.
No, it's too like.
I mean, just as many girls are nasty as guys.
Yeah, for sure.
And so apps probably, obviously it is a good thing because people are, you're using it.
So that's the definition of being good, right?
There's nobody's getting hurt more than when they use Uber.
So like it is because I find, you know, that like when you're talking about sex with people,
it's like you can never, you can never tell, but it's like we all kind of like we have these
like sort of, I don't know, like we're always worried about everybody else like like like
worrying about us.
And so it's hard to, you know, that's what that that's what that guy found out that that
Kenzie, Ken, Ken, Ken, Kenzie guy, like it's like people, everybody's like fucked up.
Everybody's like a crazy sexual snowflake.
And then the big thing that most people share is that they'd love to talk about it with
somebody and love to like indulge lots of it and do all kinds of weird things.
But then we have this whole other part that's like, well, I'm not actively coming right
now, so I need to like not be afraid of people.
And I need to like not, I need to be respected and allowed to be a senator.
Yeah, so I don't know what my point is, a bunch of a bunch of really obvious shit is my point.
On Tinder, is there like, is it like you have profiles and this is what I like and this is
what, do you have it on your phone?
Yeah, it's on your phone.
Can you look up Ridley's profile?
Is it possible to search for people?
No.
It's not like Instagram.
Because apparently we could set up a profile right now and put Ridley's thing in the age range
and you probably come up eventually.
I think Ridley might be 53, I don't know.
I can't tell.
Well, it's apparently, Rob said he's tearing up, he's tearing up Los Angeles.
He's tearing up Los Angeles.
Like it's like Paul Bunyan's plow is making lakes using Tinder.
And so this is, that text conversation was very unapologetic and very, very curt.
I think he got swiped.
God knows I did.
Side-swiped.
My friendship loyalty, Hyundai got, the rearview mirror got clipped by his fucking weird dick Ferrari.
All right, well let's thank Leo for explaining some of Tinder to me.
I know you guys didn't need to understand it.
I like getting, I like being older than people.
Especially women.
Who wants to be younger than them?
You guys, I'm sorry, that was funny, but I understand, I understand it.
We have a new, I don't know, all right, let's clean up.
Jesus Christ, let's fucking, Leah came over and the place is a goddamn mess.
She, she, she leaves her cheeto bull bulls all over the place.
I was just swiping and fucking and that's all she cares about.
She doesn't, she doesn't put anything back where she found it.
Except, you know.
Stop it.
Don't go in, don't finish that sentence.
Please don't finish that sentence.
She puts debt back where she found it.
Okay, you finished, you finished the sentence.
When I just specifically asked you to not finish the sentence and you finished the sentence.
I wasn't sure you knew what I was going to say.
I knew what you were going to say.
That's why I said don't finish that sentence and you finished it.
You finished it.
You finished the sentence.
You, you're a finisher.
All right, piece of shit.
You're not a piece of shit.
I'm sorry.
I went, I went too far.
You're a good guy.
I'm glad I'm here.
All right.
Thank you for swiping tonight's conversation about that.
And now we're going to have a slightly more serious, more dramatic one.
But it's also about, it's also about, it's about connections with strangers that are possible through technology.
Let's put it that way.
Okay.
Let's do that.
I'll just unceremoniously bring him out because he's not really, he's not an entertainer.
He's just a new friend.
I met him, I met him at a, at a bar.
Which bar?
I met him at the drawing room, which is where everybody goes after the show usually.
That's true.
I was there on a, probably a Tuesday morning and, and, and started, started small talking
and then found out that this guy's got a pretty interesting story.
I was like, would you please come on my show and let's talk about it.
Is he back there?
Is he, is he, is he ready?
No one's listening.
Oh, okay.
Let's put, let's, let's, let's welcome our new friend Kyle.
Kyle!
It's sitting that one.
Thanks for, thanks for coming.
Give it up for Kyle.
Kyle.
I don't do this.
Damn met him at a bar.
Kyle.
How's it going?
Yeah, good, good.
Thanks for, thanks for coming out here and telling us your story.
It's, it's pretty, it's pretty personal, but it's also like a weird, like, like, like,
kind of TV movie shit.
So I, I, I, I pressed him to come on the show.
So, so, I mean, the, the, the, the, probably separates you from almost everyone in this
room, although it would be fun if there was one guy that was like, wait, me too.
That would be pretty cool actually.
Is that you currently have the, the beating heart of a complete stranger in your chest.
I do.
Having, having, having gotten a heart transplant.
How many years ago?
Actually today is my anniversary.
11 years.
Whoa.
With the service party.
Today was the day I got it.
Wow.
How old are you right now?
What's that?
31.
Yeah.
When I got it.
Cause you're, so let's start there.
The reason why you needed a heart transplant is not because you were eating too many french fries.
No, no, no.
It was not.
I was born with a disease called not disease.
Sorry.
That's not right to say a transposition of the great vessels.
So your heart is backwards and your blood flows backwards.
And so you, so you, uh, you, you loved the rain and hated children.
I did.
Yeah.
It was like, I was like, I can't do this.
I just, you know, you people get away from me.
You would take Christmas presents.
You were the Grinch.
I was a Grinch.
I was like studying at a household time.
Like bubble, you know, in a bubble.
Yeah.
So you had this.
So, so what, what, what, what, what is the nature of that?
Like we've got our friend, our friend, C could comes on sometimes and he's like, he's
been multiple aneurysms and they can't figure out what, why that is.
But, but his, his prognosis is basically that he has to like, like, like just be satisfied
with the fact that at any minute, like something terrible could just happen in his brain.
I mean, I'm still a little bit there.
But you were certainly there before the transplant.
That was real bad.
You were just like, what did the doctors tell you before the transplant?
Like what was your, what were your, what was your prognosis?
Is that the word?
I was in heart failure.
So my heart was dying.
They did all they could do to fix it.
After I had a five pacemakers and after the fifth one didn't work.
So they were just, that was me going on a list.
Yeah.
So the doctors were pretty much like your only option is someone else's heart.
So that described to us.
And you always hear, I'm going, I don't know, heart transplant is a concept from the, from
from the news is like what I've never been able to ask somebody.
It's like, so what, what is it?
You're not sitting in a hospital waiting because it took how long?
Yeah.
So basically after I graduated high school, my heart was a, I was in failure.
And then my doctor, funny enough, she was hilarious.
Yeah.
She's like, yeah, I don't trust any doctors in Washington to help you out right now.
So you should go to Stanford and they will give you a better heart.
And so I went there, you go on a list, you get the process going.
But they, they try to mend it as much as they can though.
They try to, try to, or they try to mend the, like they try to fix it as much as they can.
So that's like another pacemaker, maybe something they need to like fix the heart valve, but
I didn't need any of that.
It was just more pacemaker stuff.
So it was just kind of that whole.
So then the, the moment when a donor becomes available and it's like, it's go time, which
it must be a huge like rush and emergency.
Like you're not sitting in a hospital.
You're hanging out.
I'm hanging out at home.
I was at home with my sister.
She moved to help me out and my mom and got the call around dinner time, I guess, five
o'clock.
Do you remember what you were doing, the moment that the phone rang?
It was cooking dinner.
I liked to cook.
That's what I do nowadays and I work in the world.
What were you making?
What was I making?
Something without salt.
French fries?
Yeah.
Something real high.
Like I'm just going to do this or not.
No.
Something low salt.
Something like I can't, my dietary restrictions were pretty minimal.
But yeah, I was with my sister and I got the call and you never meet your transplant
doctor ever.
It's not, they just do the surgeries.
I have another doctor that helped me out and the doctor that called me is a fellow.
Right.
So they, yeah.
So when I get to that doctor thing or one second, just to get the picture, like, is
this a cell phone time or was this pre-cell phone?
Yeah, I think I had that like Nokia brick, you know.
I miss that thing too.
Those were great.
Those were durable.
It's a voice call.
They call this guy on the other line.
And he just, his first words were you, Kyle, let's send you some, Kyle.
And he just said, are you, how are you feeling today?
I thought it was pretty creepy.
So yeah, I just go in and say that.
And I was like, you know, my body's pretty good actually.
I'm pretty good.
But he said, are you feeling ready to get a transplant?
And I, yeah, that was it.
He didn't do anything clever like, like, hey, can I get you anything?
Like human heart.
He's like, so I got this box or what's in the box.
Okay.
So, so then you're like, holy shit, this is it.
Yeah.
How much fear is there versus how much like relief?
Because I mean, I imagine the life is already fear.
It was all fear.
Oh, really?
So you're not like, oh my God, this is better than nothing.
Therefore it's all good.
The chances were still like eight percent good, 20 percent.
That sounds so terrifying to me.
Like I'm getting anxiety just thinking about it because they have to break open your rib cage.
Yes.
And take your old heart out, put it on a plate.
All right.
Grab zombie.
And then get a new one.
And like, but you're going to.
I'm going to kill my brain open too for fun.
But seriously, they're taking your heart out of your body and connecting your, your, for
I don't know if you know the details of it, but how long, I mean, like how long is your
body without a heart?
Well, at the time though, when it happened, I mean, when I got to call it, that would have,
would have, would be my fourth open heart surgery.
So at the time I didn't have a sternum.
So they had replete.
They just stopped.
They put just for zippers in.
They just kind of like zip it up, throw some cartilage back in there.
And they're like, you're good.
They're like, we're coming back in here.
I don't want to, I don't want to be cynical, but I also don't want to keep stabbing you.
You got to get a phone with it.
So it's like, don't look down, Kyle.
But at this time you'll thank me later.
It's mainly tape.
Wait, what do you have instead of a sternum?
Well, I don't really know.
Is there nothing there?
Yeah.
I mean, as I'm touching myself.
You know, just like, there's a little bit of a sternum there at the top.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
So what is it?
So you're a serious danger that if you were to ever like take a car door to the, to the
chest, like you actually get really fucked up.
Car door would mess me up or nice punch or you know, Jesus.
All right.
So, so then you go.
Follow me story for everybody here.
Well, they've been through so much.
All right.
Good sweet.
I don't know.
Did you see the Aubrey Plaza episode?
It was.
I listened to it.
Actually, I listened to it.
I'm kidding.
I did that for the laugh.
I really enjoyed her.
She's, she's really cool.
She's an awesome person.
And I go, that was for a cheap, cheap laugh because my, my interview was bad and it was
a very talented person and you're talking shit about her.
I went for a very, very cheap, very terrible laugh.
Yeah.
It was pretty shitty of you.
It's a good person.
It's not going to be shitty.
Never did anything.
Never said anything bad about you.
It could have been anybody but her too.
It would have been funny and also harmless too.
Cause I feel like, yeah, I could have picked anybody.
So, so yeah.
Well, it is interesting about it.
Like, like, like we won't have to spend the rest of the time on the actual operation
because there's a meeting with the goddess in this Campbell's journey and then there's
an atonement with some shit.
But there on the table, that is a really important if child is questioned like, how
in the hell this thing is like, it's a, it's the motor that keeps your body from dying
and then they're taking it out.
What is it?
Like they, what do they do?
Do they put the.
So you're on a, so my heart was, it was, I was actually, you know, when I got the,
when I got the call for it, I was actually crashing a little bit.
So my heart was kind of, it was a lot more heart failure.
There, I think it was borderline being hospitalized a little time.
So, so what I got the call and you go in there and my heart was just, I was, you know, as
nervous as you can be, you know, just what's going on.
Yada, you know, did some calls that I had to make to family, like goodbye or whatever.
And I, they could not sedate me because I actually, first off, the, when I got the call, the,
the, I had to spend the night in the hospital because the donor's family wasn't like ready
to, you know, let go of the, let go of the body.
So, yeah.
So that was an interesting thing to sit there and kind of wait for that.
So it's.
Interesting.
Yeah.
He'll fuck with your head a little bit in life and make you realize life a little bit
more.
You're like, oh.
You're in a hospital.
You're going to drop by the doorway and go, listen, I know I'm not entitled to anything.
Yeah.
I've got blue.
I've got blue cross.
It's all right.
So, but, but, but just physically, I'm just saying, like, like.
Go into a room.
They, I mean, you go in the surgery room.
There's a machine that pretty much looks like a real to real.
And it just, you know, after they get the ports into your valves, it's basically redirecting
your blood out of your body into a re, or like a real to real to oxygenated oxygen.
Give it oxygen.
And then it.
And then, yeah.
So there's a machine.
There's a machine on the outside that like keeps you from dying while they disconnect your
heart.
And then they put the Indiana Jones, the bag of sand in there.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
So that your body doesn't shoot the arrows.
Makes sense.
And they, and they, you know, there's probably, they're going to adjust the amount of sand
depending on the heart.
The, okay.
Well, so, yeah.
And we can, I'll, I'll Google the rest of that.
I'm so interested.
Because there's things that only you can tell us about.
It's like your personal story.
Gotta Google it.
Gotta Google that information.
The, the, so then they zip you back up.
There's obviously all this terror now that you have this thing, because it's like, oh,
there's this percentage of chances.
It's just, it's not going to work.
Yeah, rejection.
And, and see how the Tinder thing already thematic, fear of rejection, the swiping, the cell
phone.
Come on.
It's impressive.
I didn't.
It's so impressive.
I didn't even plan it.
And I forced the connection, you know, improvisationally and apparently offended you.
I don't know.
The, the, the, so you're zipped up and you're done.
You're recovered.
Yeah.
And so then here comes the, even the thing that definitely separates you from everyone
in the room.
Even if someone in here did have a heart transplant.
Because then this thing that's not supposed to happen happens, which is that the family.
Yeah, I don't know who weren't, you're never allowed to know who the donor is.
They are.
And the family somehow, I mean, the details, I don't know how they figured it out, but
the deals are really, they, they were searching a little harder for, I don't know, they were
kind of doing their own investigation.
They found my brother's website as a painter and he wrote something in the bio of like,
my brother with transplant, yada, yada, and they just matched up like San Francisco area,
yada, yada, and they ended up finding it out and contacting my mom.
And yeah.
So the family of the guy whose heart's in your chest tracks you down.
And so did you, and then did you hang out with them?
To be quite honest, I have never written anything to them or seen them.
My mom has, she's talked to them.
I don't know, maybe somebody should do.
Oh, I didn't know.
It's kind of a little hard.
What did they want?
If they're talking, they, they went to talk to your family.
What were they trying to do in that?
They, they just want to see where, you know, just wanted to see what happened.
See what happened?
Yeah.
Sorry, I did not know that was coming from actually.
No, no, no, you were answering Schrab before when you talked.
That's Spencer.
Who's talking?
Where am I?
Yeah.
Sorry, sorry.
Just imagine Dan's stomach is talking to you.
That's the eye line.
But no, an answer to the extent that you're feeling any guilt.
I would immediately absolve you of it.
As I would any war veteran.
I would say follow, follow.
Well, I wouldn't say follow your heart because then you'd grown and I would follow your bliss,
follow your comfort, follow your, I mean, there's no, this is all epilogue and whatever you feel like doing.
Yeah, I mean, obviously they're breaking rules, tracking you down.
They're following their fucking impulses.
They're figuring out how to find where all the pieces went.
But what's different?
What's different in your life now?
Did you notice anything?
I mean, did you like, I, you know, I never liked pepperoni before.
That's a big thing.
Actually, that happens with transplant.
See, you're shaking your head real.
I was like, yes, because everything, all of your, your interest in this is purely as a direct to video feature.
I want to see if he's like, oh, I saw a vision.
I saw a vision of something.
It's as if I was running through the bush.
I got a werewolf's heart.
You're a lichen, aren't you?
Well, hold on.
No, but all of these questions are fine, but there's, there's a little more to the story.
There's a final little, like, like, like, like cosmic fucking, like, insane thing.
All right. Yeah.
Okay.
Which I don't know where to file and didn't know where to file and thought you should just come in and share it.
So even though you didn't communicate with them because they connected with your mom, the information came to you.
Yeah, they've seen photos of me.
They know, I mean, they sent her emails.
So now you know about the donor.
And did you do any investigating of your own?
Or was it just all information that came to you?
The information that came to me.
I didn't want to know.
I didn't want them.
And so what did you find out?
What I found out.
I found out he was from like Northern California.
And he was 27.
I knew that though.
I knew the age of the time when I was getting it.
And then I found out how he died.
And that was very interesting.
And that was basically, I found out he committed suicide.
And that was kind of a little hard to hear because the stories were a little flip-flop of what I don't think people want to tell me.
What do you mean they didn't want to?
I don't think people want me to know that he took his own life.
And that's, I don't know, I mean, it's horrible.
But it's something that like, yeah, that's who...
Well, it makes the mind race through so many strange calculations that you never have to perform.
And I still don't know what the...
All I know is that that's insane.
I don't know what it means, really.
I don't know if it means like, oh good.
A person who didn't even want their hearts, they threw it away.
And I found it in the gut.
Or is it like, I mean, no, it's not like that at all.
It's a dumb question.
For the life, I'm, you know, 11 years now alive, living.
And it's always been a struggle too.
Like my heart, like five pacemakers, all that kind of stuff.
And just, yeah, it's, I mean, I'm grateful for it.
It's hard to know that that's what happened.
But that's kind of, that is, that's life, I guess, too, you know, people choose their own path.
And that's, you know...
So another dumb question.
And then I'll let Rob ask his fun questions.
That's fun.
He wants to know if you can jump higher now.
I've been able to move one thing real slowly.
It's kind of weird. I don't know why.
You see the movie Phenomenon? Yeah, it's pretty good.
He wants to know if Denzel Washington can help you fight crime by telling you where the cartel is.
Can't wait.
Do you feel where a treasure might be?
But my one last grounded question, which is a pretty typical one, is just sort of like,
well, it's like, like, so, like, all right, so, like, is there some, is there, is there, is there like a psychological or spiritual pressure that comes with...
I mean, my mind is a lot more open to a lot of things and I believe in, I mean, I don't know, psychological...
There's survivors guilt if you just live through something that people...
But we never talk about, I don't know if there's donors, donation receiving guilt about like,
oh, I better do something with this heart of the guy saw what I just did last night on that date.
He'd be like, what are you doing with my heart?
And you watched Hudson Hawk?
Yeah, why?
And you made her watch it and she told you she didn't like it the first time and you...
And why are you a fan of it?
Why are you a fan of it?
Every beat is the one that I didn't get and we've used it to watch Hudson Hawk.
I mean, is there anything like that about, like, did your view of your career change?
There's a lot of, yeah, a lot of transplant people.
There's a lot of guilt around that, I guess, that some people have.
And yeah, maybe, I mean, internally, I don't have it on the outside of like, I feel bad.
I don't, I mean, I love the life that was given to me to be here and to be living.
So it's not, I don't, I guess I don't really have guilt, you know?
I have just, just...
A lot of the guilt...
Appreciation.
Yeah, a lot of the guilt must go away if you found out he killed himself.
It doesn't have to be glib or anything, but it's like, he literally ended his life so that I could live.
I mean, not so that I could live.
Right, like with the Hudson Hawk scenario, yeah, when you get that cartoonish.
Yeah, it's like, yeah, you...
Yes.
Well, I mean, it's better than somebody who wanted to live and got into a car accident.
Yeah.
No, it worked out pretty great, I think.
Jesus Christ.
That's, yeah, I guess so.
But you've rolled these thoughts over in your head more than we have, right?
All the time.
I mean, I could get rejection anytime.
Life is really quick.
What do you mean by rejection?
Like, the heart?
My body could reject my heart.
Even after 11 years?
Potentially.
And actually after 10 right now, I'm really healthy, I think so.
But the body can, yeah, the body eventually can start to reduce my meds, they'll change
it, try to, I don't know, formula drugs to try to keep me alive.
So you have to take drugs to keep the heart?
I take a lot of drugs, yeah.
So you have white blood cells, I'm sure you all know that, and they attack foreign things
in your body, and mine is foreign.
They're not attacking it right now, but if they ever feel the urge to, because my meds
stop, and they can do that, because it's not me, it's not you, it's not a part of your
DNA.
So are you like a Jessica Alba now?
You can like see other like murderers having, like, I mean,
I'm a pre-cog, yeah, exactly.
Okay, cool.
So how many ghosts are in the building?
There it is, there it is.
Well, all right, yeah, I'm bad at closing things.
That's fine.
I wanted you to come meet the kids, and I wanted to learn about Tinder, and I wanted to,
well, there was one thing that you said when we were talking about it, and I was like,
it was like you said, you don't even get anesthetic when you do the procedure.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Right?
They didn't put you under, or they couldn't put you under?
Well, they couldn't put me under, because my heart was...
No, anesthetic, okay, but not, they can't knock you out.
They can't knock you all the way out, they have to keep you out like a, I mean, they can't...
Are you fucking kidding me?
So they're going, okay, so here we go.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, so they do knock you out?
Oh, I bet it hurts, but ooh, we're almost done, we're almost done.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Almost done, yeah, almost done, almost done, almost done.
One, two, three, ooh, okay.
And that, okay, you didn't see that, you know, and you're just...
That's exactly it, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Were you like going, hit, there's a chair, hit me with something really hard, I don't...
Well, they keep that like a, like, just a happy medium, like, I'm out, but I can hear things.
Oh, fuck!
And I can like...
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
And then your heart does have to stop for a minute, so there's that episode that they're always...
So you heard your old heart stop?
No, I didn't hear it.
Oh, okay.
You feel it though, you know?
You felt it?
Well, you feel certain things, or you kind of...
I mean, you go somewhere else, you know?
You kind of like...
Bummed out, right?
Life stuff, you know?
But you said, there was a point, and I can't remember where it was, because as they were putting...
There was a line that you had, where I...
Because I asked you, like, what was the last thing you said before the procedure started, or something like that?
Do you remember what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I do, yeah.
I'm just exploiting you, but...
Fuck you, that's fine, you totally are.
You fucking are, let's do it.
I just was yelling out, I don't want to die, I don't want to die, yeah.
I was with my mom and my sister, and that was...
And they were wheeling me into the room, and that was my last words to them, and that was pretty much...
It's funny, because when you were talking about it, I was like, immediately...
There's a shame we associate with that.
None of us wants to be caught any more than we want to be caught masturbating or taking a shit.
We don't want to be caught saying, I don't want to die.
We look at it as this thing that, oh, well...
And it's so strange, because it's like, well, shitting and jerking off, it unites us.
We all have to do it, right?
I don't know, it's just like, I don't want to die.
It's very, very underappreciated as a very profound statement.
It's one of the most...
The thing that leopards can't say.
You'll never hear it from a fucking giraffe, that's for sure.
If giraffes could talk, all they'd say is, now I can reach an apple.
So proud of myself.
I did it, mom, I did it, I did it.
Only we would ever say, I don't want to die, even though nothing does.
I think it's human, it's in our...
We're animals, we're something, it's in our DNA.
Yeah, and I've been through so much, and I don't want to die.
And I've been clinically dead a few times, and it's like, yeah, it's...
I love people around me, I love to live, you know.
And there was a dude somewhere that, for whatever reason, he did want to.
And it's fantastic that some geniuses were able to use a part of them to keep your wish.
It's really fucking incredible.
Yeah, my surgery was supposed to be five hours, and it was ten hours long.
I lost a ton of blood, a lot of things, and my heart was swolled over.
It was definitely a long ordeal.
Did they try to convince you it was your fault?
Yeah, it took ten hours.
You know, you really got to calm down.
So you were half awake for ten hours.
I mean, I was out, they're not talking to me, you know, they're not like...
Well, no, they're probably hoping, they're ignoring you.
They're like, if they look you in the eye, they'd be like, oh man.
Oh, by the way, did you hear that?
You're not allowed to, the donor, the guy that performs the actual surgery,
unlike all the other surgeries anyone has ever had, like the doctor doesn't meet you.
You never see his face, you never know his name, right?
No, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why is that?
They don't want that human contact, I guess?
Yeah, I've watched The Nick.
I know what you're talking about.
I think that's interesting too, that the guys that do the...
And ladies, goddammit, Harmon, the geniuses who's fingers are the most precise
and who really know how to do this top of the line bomb squad thing in a human body,
like they actually, if you go up the tiers enough, they're like the same as executioners.
They wear masks and they...
They have to have a separation, otherwise they would probably blow their brains off.
Because all they want to think about is the math and the fucking...
They just don't want that connection, like, you know, he was a great kid.
There also isn't, I mean, more to the point that they probably, isn't about the outcome too.
They don't want to know what happens to you after you leave.
They want to just walk away from it to the next one
because they want to be thinking about something they've read about you
while they're working on someone else.
They'll read about me here.
Pretty nice.
Well, let's all give Kyle a warm thank you for opening himself up
and sharing his heart with us.
Thank you.
Is there anything?
Oh, you have that thing you wanted to plug.
He's also doing a one-man show.
No, no, no.
I mean, is there anything as long as you're...
I just called you by your first name because I figured you're not a stand-up.
Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
Plugging anything? I don't know.
When you were clinically dead.
There's a lot of that.
So, how many times were you clinically dead?
Jesus, here we go again.
Three.
Three?
I think three, yeah, I think three times.
All right.
So, Ben Franklin?
He was clinically finishing the segment and he saw the other side.
He was going into the light and then you've pulled him back to a cold room where...
You just wanted to know more, man.
I nailed it.
I did a four-point landing.
They applauded.
He grabbed his hat and you have more Roger Corman questions.
Come on, dude.
I'm supposed to undercut you.
This is my job.
I don't know where you read that.
Between the lines.
Well, anyways, thank you again, Kyle, for coming and sharing your self-opening heart sharing.
Remember that?
More than one thing.
I'm just going to play it.
I brew beer.
If you all love beer, I'm trying to start a beer bar.
So, yeah, hopefully one day I'll get that going.
All right, well, let me know.
Yeah, you know how to get in contact with us.
Let us know when the grand opening is.
We'll do our version of Kickstarter, which is we'll all get drunk at your bar.
I got a brewer, probably.
So, yeah, we'll brew beer.
Is it going to have a clever name?
Like the aortic...
Now who's Roger Corman?
All right, all right, all right.
Who's ready?
A guy's coming up with log lines.
The sleeve behind the sleeve of the door.
I don't know.
All right, thanks, Kyle.
We'll check back in with him at some point.
Dan, Dan, have you ever had surgery?
I had a biopsy.
I got this...
Ugh, gross.
What did you...
How many opsees did you buy?
That was stupid.
How good of a friend are you that you don't know about your...
I knew it.
I was setting you up to talk about it.
I knew about it.
How good of a friend of you that didn't come to my birthday
or say happy birthday kissing Dan Gooderman on Twitter
and you don't say happy birthday to get no text?
Well, you're always hanging out with your Lego friends.
That's why we text each other.
We love each other.
Well, I...
When he was talking about how could you reject something
after 11 years, it's in your chest.
I was thinking about you, man.
And how possible it is.
No, no, no.
Well, I think...
I don't know about you, but I think this is a very interesting podcast
I've put together.
I think you're doing a really good job.
No, no, no.
It's a mellow one.
I don't need it.
It's its own reward.
It's a mellow one.
All right.
I get paid in fun.
Spencer, talk about the Chinese or ISIS or...
So you guys have heard about these murder vans, right?
No.
Murder vans.
Oh, yeah.
Was that like the legend of beggar vans?
It's just...
Oh, God.
All right.
I knew it.
Okay, shit.
I knew I shouldn't have...
The white blood cells are getting suspicious.
I know.
I'm with you guys.
I don't want to be here tonight.
I knew it.
It was nice of you.
Oh, I know what we need to talk about.
Okay, so...
Okay.
Chits.
I'm so sorry.
So every once in a while it appears we have to keep reminding you what a monopoly
guy is in screenwriting.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
I thought...
I thought that's how I'm going to die.
The end of a garb.
It's always a person you least expect.
It was nice.
It was thinking for doing us...
You did do me a favor.
He said, I'll do it if you're in a jam.
I said, I am in a jam, or why would I be like that?
I'm in a jam.
I haven't had my vitamins today.
What vitamins do you take?
That excites me.
I take out...
In order to do the bit, I had to be off my...
I said, vitamin C.
Goddammit.
Vitamin C.
I know what it is.
I'm just shocked.
I know what you were saying.
I know that's what the Lego people run on.
Nine movies.
Come on.
They're Legos.
Knock the coke off over there.
Couple too many Lego movies coming out.
They're cocaine.
They're not...
They don't call them Legos.
They go bricks.
Thank you.
So the monopoly, guys.
So the reason we're bringing this up...
I don't want to have to keep explaining this to you.
I mean, you're basing this off of me who saw a commercial.
Let's verify it first because I might be wrong,
because I haven't seen the movie.
The movie Sisters?
Is there a monopoly guy in Sisters?
Oh, there's a monopoly guy in Sisters.
What's the monopoly guy in Sisters?
I haven't seen it.
There's a woman wearing a big belt,
and they're like,
Oh, have a good time at the championship.
And she's like,
What?
Where you won the belt at because you're a wrestler?
I did the joke bad.
But yeah.
But that is a monopoly guy.
Yeah, no, it's a monopoly guy.
If you go, Holy cow, if you have a movie or whatever,
do we want to say the origin of the monopoly guy?
Yeah, yeah.
Just to remind you of the new-time listeners,
the monopoly guy is named after the moment in Ace Ventura 2
when Jim Carrey is about to let a guy have it,
and he's wearing it.
He's dressed like the monopoly guy.
He's bald.
He's got a mustache, a monocle.
He's in a tux.
And the guy says, Oh, I don't like people who talk to animals
and make faces.
And Jim Carrey goes, I'm sorry, we haven't met.
You must be the monopoly guy.
And it's like, it's a joke.
But the problem is, with a monopoly guy,
and it's very clever as it turns out,
because you're kind of holding a monopoly over all of reality,
and it's not really fair that you're profiting a laugh,
which you really aren't.
So then you, my friends, you're my Asperger's flock.
They're like, you know, I know I always qualify this by saying,
like, because for you guys, because you're going to be tweeting me,
well, isn't a monopoly guy all comedy?
Because then you're always contriving everything,
and actually, actually, actually, actually.
Yeah, no, we're talking about, we're not talking about
it is or it isn't.
We're talking about a thing.
It's like, well, unnecessary roughness and football.
I mean, what is it?
Well, I've, I've, I've tried jockey.
I'm just saying, like, it's a concept.
It's like, like, there's, you know, there's,
there's places where lines are clearly crossed.
So the monopoly guy, the actual monopoly guy one is one.
Don't do that.
Back then it was then Water Boy with Adam Sandler,
the guy walks in, he's dressed like Colonel Sanders.
All right, Colonel Sanders, and it's like,
it's supposed to be a laugh, but it was a scene closer.
It's not fair. It's a monopoly guy.
You can't do it. You're not allowed to do it.
You can't dress a guy up exactly like Colonel Sanders
and go, zing, you look like Colonel Sanders.
It's cheating.
You can't, you can't dress a guy like Colonel Sanders
and, and, and, and now I'm going like,
hi, I know what you're thinking.
I'm dressed like Colonel Sanders, but here's the thing.
Like, you could throw it away and keep moving
and do more with this character.
Just like, let him be dressed like Colonel Sanders.
Call him Colonel Sanders.
Have that be the character's name.
I don't care.
I'm not here to tell you what to do.
I'm here to tell you to stop doing that one thing.
Right.
And the reason I tell you again is because according to Rob,
this is a preliminary monopoly guy,
alert code orange because it's based on a trailer, clip,
TV commercial.
What's the new Christmas with the fartings?
No, no, no.
The new Seth Rogen movie.
Right.
That was, that was my guess at the title.
The night before.
Anybody see the trailer for it?
Oh, the movie's back.
Well, I don't, I'm not here to qualify
whether the movie is good or not.
I hear actually, it's pretty good.
But, I heard it.
I didn't see it.
We could talk after the show, but in the trailer,
isn't there, Seth Rogen is talking to two little girls
who are twins, who are in like a blue little dresses
and like pigtails.
And he says, what does he say?
There's something about the shining.
He says, oh, okay, hey, you know,
you guys are from the shining or something?
Right.
Something like that.
They said, you look, you look weird.
He said, have you ever seen the shining?
Yeah.
You can't, I mean, I can't do it.
Maybe it's a great movie.
Can't do that.
I'm a fan of everybody.
That's not a joke.
I'm a fan of everybody involved, but it's cheating
because if you write in the script two girls that are
dressed like the twins in the shining says,
Rogen says, have you seen the shining?
That you can't, that's cheating.
It's cheating.
You're cheating.
You can't, you can't like, you're being a bully.
You're being a bully, I think.
You're being a bully.
You're bullying.
You're monopolizing.
If I know I can, you're being, what is that in pool
where you're pretending you're being bad?
A pool, a pool, a hustler, sure.
A hustler.
You're being a hustler.
Man, shit.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to score this one.
You know, it's just like, all right, well, you know,
what if I get, you know, if you, if you, if you,
if you don't do it, I'll give you 20 bucks.
Okay.
I did it.
All right.
Okay.
It's cheating.
Yeah, yeah.
Cheating.
You're being a comedy hustler.
We can't.
We can't go to, we're not allowed on that set.
We can't go there and tell these guys what to do.
They're very successful.
Whoever's writing that movie, they're doing a great job.
Seth Rogen, they live in a house so big that if I showed up,
they'd be shot.
Yeah.
So I'm starting here.
I'm starting here where the problem starts.
25 year old kids in Los Angeles, he came out here from your
turnip farms and you got big dreams and you admire me.
You're like, I want to do what he did from Milwaukee to LA.
I want to, I want to build myself from dirt without
permission.
Like Dan Harmon did.
Yeah.
I'm going to play each of you, chase his voicemails and,
and, and, and, and I'm going to be a TMZ and I'm going to,
everyone's going to respect me because I'm a really respectable
person.
No more turnips for me.
Yeah.
I don't want any turnips.
So I'm telling you, well, fine.
Yeah.
Come to my podcast.
First of all, it's 10 bucks at the door.
Pretty high price considering.
That's for them.
They got to give the cost money to make a room this hot.
My thing that is, is with the Monopoly guys, when did, when did,
the first time I noticed the Monopoly guy was the origin of
Monopoly guy in Ace Ventura, which came out when like 90,
this is pre Pulp Fiction laughs.
Yeah.
It was with, with kids making them laugh.
I know.
We were kids.
And it's still happening.
Still happening.
People are still doing Monopoly.
You guys stop it.
Don't do Monopoly guys.
You're millennials.
It's like, you're into stopping things.
Stop that.
Stop.
Or at least set it up, do Monopoly guy and then undercut it with
some kind of chicken 90 degrees to do a peer to peer Monopoly guy
where there is no Monopoly, where everyone just does their
own comedy for each other on an app.
I'm not going to, I'm not going to bitch about that.
What do you, what, I haven't seen the movie, but you know, like,
I need a movie.
Who needs a movie?
Have you seen the shining?
I need to, I need to laugh until someone comes to your house and
like shouts up at the thing.
What if a guy was dressed like a leopard?
I don't know.
Okay, cool.
Five stars, please.
How could you, how could you?
Okay.
Haven't seen the movie, but I mean, like if, if the little girls
were like going, you're weird.
And he goes, ha, ha, have you seen the shining?
And they would say, yeah, why do you think we're dressed
exactly like these, these two girls were the shining.
We're the biggest fans.
And then like, you know, the dad comes in with an axe like going,
hey, have you seen our favorite movie?
And then he goes, and then Seth Rogen goes, no, no, but have you
seen the shining?
Yes, we have.
My daughters are dressed like this.
And I'm dressed like Jack Nicholson.
And then all of a sudden, Scatman comes in going.
And I was like, I don't believe this.
You guys, you guys lured me in.
You waited for me to make the monopoly over the shining joke.
You guys have really seen the shining.
You totally seen the shining.
Yes.
And then he would turn around and then the shining's actually
playing on the TV.
And then he's like, one thing though, cause you had twins and
they're like, they're not twins.
And then a series of black and white photos of the most
horrific, do-it-yourself surgery.
And then he looks really close at one of the kids' faces and
it's like, oh my God, yeah, there's just like flaps of like
badly sewn together skin.
And it's like, it's fucked up.
And they keep pushing in and dissolving and dissolving.
And then it's Seth Rogen at the end going.
Credits?
Yeah.
Maybe, yeah, do that instead.
Stanley Kubrick shot the moon landing.
Well, yeah.
And he confessed to it in the form of very many hidden things
in the shining.
Apollo T-shirt on Danny Boyle.
Or your schizophrenic.
And you watched the shining.
You decide.
You guys have really seen the shining.
Have you seen my friend?
My name, Fred and his wife, Wilma, are coming over.
And a guy comes in with an orange shirt with spots on it
and a blue tie.
And he's kind of fat.
You know, that's a monopoly guy.
I remember in the documentary for like the behind the music
thing for, never mind.
No, no, no, come on.
We were at all Yankeveck and it was like, and then Flea did
an interview.
And they were like, what did you do?
He's like, I don't know.
I like his socks.
But the one he did for us, yeah, but they have a do now.
Do you think that's funny?
I don't think that's funny.
Yeah, I like if Flea, he turned it back on the interview
or was off camera.
He's like, I don't think it was funny.
What did you think?
Are you paying attention right now, sir?
Oh, I'm shooting an E behind the music package.
And the interviewer wasn't Mike.
He was just like listening.
Oh, OK.
That's a good point.
But I thought that was a good move.
I learned that from Flea.
Remember when we were thinking about moving my garage nine
feet to the right?
Oh, yeah.
Making it bigger or something?
I mean, it still may be something.
And then the guy came and he was like, OK, so here's the thing.
And then there was this whole estimate.
And then the Flea showed up.
And he was like, ah, I drum stuff.
He's a drummer, right?
Come on, Harmon.
Are you chicken?
Oh, you always know.
Yeah.
Harmon hates it when you call him chicken.
It's going to make it.
We haven't ever heard that before.
It's going to make him publicly declare you're two and three
sucked in a documentary about it.
As far as today's concerned, I know we never mentioned it
before, but when Harmon is called chicken,
he just can't handle it.
Especially when it's me.
It'll make anything happen.
Don't do it.
Yeah, I said in that documentary about Back to the Future
that one of the notable things about what a great movie
Back to the Future is is that it breaks so many rules,
including the fact that Marty McFly is not really a very,
kind of flawed protagonist.
He's like a very willing hero.
He doesn't refuse a lot of calls.
He just like charges across the threshold, blah, blah, blah.
A lot of tweets from a lot of people with a very deep
relationship with that entire trilogy.
You did, like people who, honestly,
sometimes your relationship with a movie,
you need to recognize that your feelings about Muppet
Treasure Island have less to do with just cinema
and more to do with what was happening at the time
the movie came out for you.
It's important to recognize objectively
masterful pieces of cinema.
It's important that...
Robocop.
Yeah, I don't like Robocop.
Better than Die Hard.
Die Hard's fucking awesome.
Anyways.
And then people tweeting me and going like,
what about the chicken thing?
I'm like, what about the chicken thing?
I get so angry at you kids.
The chicken thing is the kind of first thing.
I put it with the chicken thing.
But how amazing is it that that guy,
the conspiracy theories guy,
he loves so much about the...
He knows so many details.
He can see a 9-11 in anything,
but he clearly doesn't know anything about
back in the future.
No, no, he combines two and three.
He's like, yeah, that's the thing is that Marty McFly
when he's got needles in the thing.
And it's like, dude, you're talking about the second movie.
You're talking about a conspiracy theory.
Go watch the movie with your whole brain.
Your 9-11 hunt is costing you joy.
Like, this is a good movie.
It's about a time traveler.
I mean, he's like as into the Oolala magazine
as he is into the fucking DeLorean.
The guy that did the Oolala.
Oolala.
Yeah, half the dialogue from Back to the Future 2.
Yeah.
Oolala.
I actually ran into the guy who landed in LA from New York
and ran into one of the guys that shot that documentary,
which the documentary is successful.
What documentary are you talking about?
Back in time. It's called Back in Time.
You're in this documentary?
Yes.
Oh, that's why you don't call me.
Back to the Future 2 and 3 are back.
I didn't know you were in a documentary about anything.
I don't make them all.
We got sidetracked.
I haven't seen you in a while.
The last time I saw you was here.
Whoosh.
I'm getting older, Dan.
This is what I do.
My life is my work and my output.
Back to the Future 2.
Cats in the cradle.
You're going to Australia for 90 years.
Vancouver.
Oh, man.
Baton switch.
I've been telling you this.
You said it was probably maybe going to be Vancouver,
but originally it was Australia.
That was like five minutes.
I've told you it's Vancouver.
I'm going to Vancouver next year.
For how long?
About a year and a half.
It's a long time.
Yeah, you better soak me up while you can and return some texts.
Hang out with me.
Camille hangs out with me.
Does he?
Yeah, we all hung out.
We all hung out.
I invited you.
Nobody showed up to that.
I saw the text chain.
Nobody came.
No, no, no.
Camille came over.
Emily came over.
Jillian and Steve Agee came over.
We had a blast.
I want to share with the kids the kinds of texts
that you think you deserve a response to.
I did it.
What did I...
I haven't...
This could be bad.
Don't get me fired.
Don't get me fired for my job that I'm hanging onto by a thread.
This is just a picture of a medical...
This is just a dick with the vast difference in the...
In case you forgot what it looks like.
But that's on the heels of you.
I'm sharing this because you did it.
Don't.
You're going to make me look really bad.
That's private.
Those are the texts I respond to.
You reminded me that our friend was dead out of nowhere.
I was feeling sentimental.
I missed you.
I said, I heard, and he said, heard what?
I was like, that he's dead, and he said, shit, that's right.
You're the one that texted it, and he said, shit, that's right.
And I said, well, he's in a better place,
and that's when I got the fucking dick pic.
So fool me 800 times.
It's a cry for help, man.
It's mostly, it's like Lego people taking shit,
blow-drying your dog in slow motion.
It's a good one.
That's a good one.
I wish we had 80, so we could be like Tosh.0 up in this mug.
We should.
You could blue screen that.
You did share with me.
You got a little bit of trouble because when you were up here.
Don't.
I don't want to bring that up.
It's still repairing.
Don't.
No, I didn't.
You really are trying to ruin me.
No, I wasn't.
You're just looking for things to talk about.
Oh, let's bring DeMorge Brown up.
Hello.
DeMorge kicked ass at the Channies last night.
Thank you.
What is that, the 12th annual Channel 101 awards?
Is it the 12th?
Yeah, I think it was 12, right?
Yeah, 12 years.
Where's Channel 101?
Hosted by Brady Novak.
Brady was really fucking on.
Just running around like a madman.
The first Channies I ever missed.
No, that's not true.
I've missed some Channies before.
I don't remember you missing a Channies.
I think there was a Channies I had to miss.
I don't remember it.
Okay.
But Brady had like songs he wrote.
Running and dancing.
He was out of breath and factored that into the comedy.
Yeah, it was really funny.
Oh, there's just pictures of actual dicks like photos.
Weird.
You don't respond to them.
So I keep...
I mean, like you don't...
You have to find the right one.
I sent you a picture of a dick and you don't do anything.
So I figured you didn't get it.
So like the guy in the writer's room who keeps pitching the same joke because no one's responding
to it.
I mean, I...
Look, maybe we could pick something that we watch together or something because I don't
watch TV anymore and I'm divorced.
Like there's no reason to watch things and I just...
I don't watch fucking crap movies.
Watch like Hologram Man and...
What was the movie you played at your birthday?
Oh, Street Wars.
Holy crap.
That was a good night.
That might have been the greatest thing I've ever seen.
Dan didn't go to that either.
My birthday.
Wasn't Street Wars the ultralight airplane one?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Okay.
That's a good movie.
We got to tell the people about it.
It's about a gangster movie.
It's the best thing.
Okay.
It's a movie from night...
Check this out.
Find Street Wars on VHS or DVD.
But it's a movie from 1992 that saw like boys in the hood and went, you know what this movie
is missing?
Ultralight aircraft.
I mean, it's not going anywhere.
Yeah.
They thought hip-hop was a fad.
Right, right.
Now they think ultralight aircraft is a fad.
There's a hip-hop in it, too.
Yeah, there's a lot of hip-hop in it.
It's like a fully-realized film with a soundtrack.
There's a dance in it.
There's a Humpty-Hump dance movie.
It's all leading up to, now we're going to get into our ultralights and we're going to
take back the streets and they get into their ultralights and they take back the streets.
It delivers on the poster.
It's great.
Street Wars.
I like movies like that where it's clearly like the movies made by a company.
Like a karate studio or a dance studio.
Miami Connection.
Yeah.
Or an ultralight dealership.
We should make a movie.
I think that's great.
Somebody says, I'll give you the money to make your movie about street life if you show some
of my product in your film.
Oh, that would be amazing.
Yeah, I kept thinking it was just like the same people, but that would be even funnier
that somebody was like, I'm a really passionate filmmaker.
I'm like a pre-John Singleton or a contemporary.
I don't know what year that movie was, but it's like, I just want to express my point
of view about what it is to grow up in the environment I grew up in.
And then someone's like, well, I'm not paying for it.
I'm not paying for it.
I'll pay for it.
My name's Bob Ultralight.
From your local ultralight dealership.
Did you have fun at my birthday party?
I had a blast.
I'm so glad you were there.
That was really great.
Thank you for coming to that.
I invited Dan and Spencer.
I caught up with old friends I hadn't seen in a while.
Yeah, me too.
A lot of old friends I haven't seen in a while.
A lot of good friends.
A lot of new friends.
This is cool.
This is so cool.
There's a point in the movie, the first time you see the ultralight, they're like, they're
hanging out.
I don't know where they are.
And one of the main characters flies down in one.
And there's a whole conversation where the guy's like, what is that?
And then he explains.
He goes, you don't have a license to fly.
And he goes, I don't need one.
And then he goes through like a point by point explanation of the code that allows him.
The government doesn't yet recognize these as vehicles.
So he can fly them.
They're basically chairs with propellers.
Yeah.
I love the part of the enthusiasm for it is that it's totally fucking dangerous.
Yeah, yeah.
And at any moment we'll be banned or regulated.
But there's a loophole.
Yeah.
The gangsters are on the ground and they're not even like the right, they're wearing,
they're all wearing one shot.
They're all wearing overalls.
You're wearing overalls in bright colors.
And then the guys come flying in at night shooting at them.
And then one of them turns around and shoots back.
And the guy goes, I'm hit.
I'm going down.
And then they yell out, you got T-Bone.
You got T-Bone.
I wouldn't have turned around and talked to that ultra light.
I would have blown out.
I cut like an hour out of that film too.
Like I went to the whole film and just went to the good stuff because when they get to
the ultra lights and you're like, all right, they got to the ultra light stuff.
It's just like sit back for 45 minutes of the same shot of the ultra light flying through
the frame and a guy on a sound stage going, it takes forever.
Yeah.
The death to squib ratio is a little lower.
So it was like my 46th birthday.
I only have one of those in my life that I'll have.
You know, I only have one, but I'm glad you were there, Demar.
We've known each other for a long time.
Not as old as, you know, you know, not the oldest friend I've had, but, you know.
But I'm glad you were there.
I was good.
Thank you for having me.
Yeah.
I was doing something important.
I can't remember what.
Not tweeting, happy birthday.
I was in New York.
Yeah.
I mean, what am I supposed to do?
Text, happy birthday?
Question mark.
My dad hit me with a belt.
Skud serial number is your birthday.
Wait, Rob, so when you were coming up, when you were coming up with Skud, were you like,
you know, it's a great number I should put on this?
Dan's birthday.
And I know exactly what that is.
No, no, no.
I was, I was, I remember it because I was, this is how old it was.
It was like 1993.
I was at Dave Friedel's like bedroom and he had like what, weasels.
Remember his ferrets or whatever that were like biting each other and fighting and it
smelled like weasel piss and, and, and because I didn't know how to do work.
It was like one of those Macintoshes where the monitor and the, would you put that?
Yeah.
And he was designing, he was helping me design the attention sticker on the back of Skud
and he was putting it in there and I got a, and you were there.
You were like sitting on a couch or whatever.
And I said, hey, we need a serial number.
Hey, Dan, what's your, your, your birthday?
And then I put it in there.
It's been that way.
One, three, seven, three.
That means it's coming up.
I, I, I let you direct season six.
Yep.
Look what that got you.
I killed you.
Yahoo.
I killed it.
I killed Yahoo television.
They went, no, we're not going to do anymore.
I gave you Sarah's show.
I was like, you should have.
I, this guy, this guy deserves this.
I am, I am.
You did that, you did that a while ago.
You did that, you did that a long time ago.
You did that a long time ago and that was that.
I know there's something since then.
Yeah.
Those gourmet olives.
No, you just forgot.
It's fine.
You forgot.
You forgot about it.
You forgot about me.
How's it going?
I am sorry.
I'm sorry.
You know what?
I acknowledge that I forgot your birthday and I feel remorse about it.
I do feel bad and I'm going to remember your next birthday.
Did you go through the three stages of Apollo?
Three stages of apology that our therapist has told us about.
That is the three stages of apology.
Yeah.
The three ingredients of a proper apology.
That's, Aaron didn't like that either.
What are you counting off of?
No, because I've used that.
I, I, I, I use, I, I, I, but it's still, I mean.
We go to the same therapist, not on purpose.
Not together either.
Although we should probably.
Well, you got you you've got her number from me. Yes
So on purpose. Yeah
I'm not doing it to get like good. So was he saying about me nothing. Why is he not talking about me?
Motherfucker ain't talking about me at all every every third person that comes down the stairs is someone we know
Like like like our therapist is like some kind of like John love it
every
Every every crazy person in in in Los Feliz goes goes there and I always go you're crazy
And they go you're crazy. You did that bit with me. I know so you do that bit with everybody
Unbelievable
Is it is this been a good show or I think it's a fantastic show
Yeah, I'm not I don't really have a very objective
standpoint it seems to me that it's been a nice a nice little
ride
With I got six pack I'm out and do tell him
I got nothing oh Isis tomorrow to talk about Isis
What is Isis stand for
What we look this up what look this that's those are the easy words. Well, I don't know what is it?
Yeah
Rack and Syria or Iraq and Lafont right? Is that what the ISIL is?
Yeah, that's why that's why if you're an NPR you call it ISIL because it's like really more like going you got a
Goa well, you're supposed to call it dice because it pisses them off
Oh, really what they say. Yeah, they say they they they they pledge to kill anyone who calls them dice. Well, Jesus Christ
Well, that's a Voldemort said to and look what happened there
Yeah
So that was his idea don't don't ever say my name. He seems more vain. I don't know who came up with I think everybody else
I mean like you're just asking for trouble. Yeah, it's gonna be something. Yeah, it's the Streisand effect. Yeah, that's what Voldemort died of
Don't don't call me Streisand
Don't you dare call me Streisand
Don't stress. Do you call me Streisand? I'll put a hex on you
Don't call me Streisand
Don't you dare if you call me if you call me Streisand
I'm gonna come out of I'm gonna come down there
With my cane and I'm gonna just I'm gonna whack
Halfway through committing to that I gave up
Not where you think it is
The
Well, the alarming thing is this is what I keep running through of my head now as I like how
How actually effective this I mean, I don't understand as a 42 year old
I grew up in a world where the concept of terrorism was like it was like these Fisher price figures
And they got the outfits and they're like one of their defining features is like no graphic design
No, no, I mean these guys are like, you know, these are these are kids now new. These are millennial terrorists
Their their videos are, you know, very JJ Abrams inspired
They like their little
Time rampings and you know, they know their way around Final Cut and it's weird because it's like it's like it's
For no other reason that it just like changes everything
That that and also I think the other thing that makes them new is that they
Whereas I think the I think when I was a kid what we call the terrorist was somebody that was kind of
Foolish enough to say well, I'm just gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna create this
Catastrophe and it's gonna punish this country for doing this and then they're gonna think twice before the blah blah blah
And all that kind of thing where it's just like well
This is just gonna play out in a pretty predictable way. You're not you're no one's ever gonna, you know, blah blah blah
And that these this is like like like their goal
As far as I understand it their long-term larger goal is simply to provoke simply to actually
Polarize and I hope there was a real sneeze and not a good guy who's like bullshit
The
Their goal is simply to polarize right this is not a conspiracy theory. This is like this is I've heard this again and again
And it's like like what they want and what they are so close to
Having because it's like it's so it's there a couple of blown-up things away from this goal from polarizing is for is for is for is for
Rational people not just like paranoid Jingoist nutbars
Like rational people to start getting so
Freaked out and scared that we just started to just figure the solution must be more irrational than rational because right now we still have this like
This this this hold on this idea that as complicated as things are getting
That they like like like we have to we have to make sure we compartmentalize in our heads
They like like this is not a this is a this is a war between people that want to fight and people that don't want to fight
as
This is not a war between between people that want to fight that are
Have one flying and people this is like the people that love fighting are trying to fucking cajole us into like a
Crazy fucking like weird form of World War three where it's just like
We're the where we just start doing crazy shit, which we've done in the past
Which is like right? Let's start rounding people up and it's already been being proposed by our fringe elements like let's start tracking things
Let's start keeping lists. Let's put you in a I'm sure you're great if you're not guilty you've nothing to worry about
But why don't you stay in this chain link pen for a second? We're just it's just about freedom and
And it's and it's and that those people are not gonna fucking go in there and go you know what America's
Fantastic, and so is the entire Western world, and you know what sucks my religion is why I'm locked up in this cage
That that the cycle will create a shitter get off the pot
showdown between people who of
the Islamic faith radical or not and people from Western society Westernized society a
A crazy or not I like that even the moderate people will all just like be sucked into this horrible fucking nightmare
And that and that shit will hit the fan and spray all over all of us and we'll have shit all over us that that's their goal
That's that shit on us that they're not they're they're not dumb enough anymore to be like oh, I'm gonna
We're gonna beat this country or that could they're just like no the fucking list is
Like what Charles Manson thought he was trying to do by spray painting the n-word on like you know on the wall
Where he killed people's like his his idea was like this like long-term like
destabilization thing and it's doesn't it feel like they're getting really close to that goal
Like I don't know how we're gonna get further away from that goal. I don't know how we're gonna get less scared if
I don't know how to relax more
But I only I only know how to get increasingly more uptight and frightened and more like like willing to any one of those groups
Is at that point right now if that's
Because if you want to do that then you simply have to do that
It's just it's just you know if somebody wanted to scare the shit out of people. That was your sole goal
They could for lack of a you know
Better I just you know load up a device or whatever go off to the highway somewhere pull off the road and set that off
That without any explanation or any rational connection to it and no claim to it would be the thing that would be the most terrifying
Right, so but I think that these broad these issues are
Multiphasic there are so many different things that are a play and specifically in this case because
Fundamentalism is at the center of it. There is a core center and there is a core center
schedule
For what's going on but outside of that it's it's you know where it reaches out from that core center
They're just a lot of different sort of sets of goals and they're into individual there individual in their own sort of
Way they're gonna play out on what those individual goals are so certain things are happening
but
They're happening in their own sort of arena and also we see on our end of it
The packaged news version of it even now when news is 24 hours a day and it's all over the place
You're being told you're getting breaking news
But again depends on what you're reading and where you are and whether how you know what the moment is and what the source is
How filtered or unfiltered or how breaking it is, but it's all packaged so what you're not getting is
And this is probably a good thing. You're not getting a clear sense of what
For example the extent of our interdiction is on this
One of the reasons it's just not running buck wild and going crazy is because
The opposing force unified sort of interdiction on it is is strong. It's powerful Intel and and these
Horses that are sitting there gramming a formation
Closing down things letting you know when they've stopped somebody letting you know sometimes not letting you know when they have because it's
better for the longer goal
all that stuff is
Happening outside of your sight unless they want you to see it so
What we're seeing we are by virtue of being audience to this trying to attach a plot to it
Trying to foresee an end game to it trying to attach all these sort of
Narratives to it, but really what it is is just these sort of this pulse-like movement of let's probe in this case
There's a hole. Let's go get that
There's a hole that hasn't been exploited. Let's just wait. It's just wait. Let's just wait now
Let's do it, but all these things are coming out all at the same time
So I think that on the one hand we are audience to this and
What we're reacting to what with the tenant that the temperature of the water that we are feeling right now is real
But it's reactive to what we're being allowed to see what we're being allowed to read
But what's really going on is much more detailed much more specific
And it's happening in pulses. It's a it's a very pointillistic thing and in each one of those cases
There's a whole inventory of stuff that's happening
Outward incursions that are coming forward whether they're quiet incursions or more aggressive incursions and then also
The reportage and an interdiction that's going on around how much people actually know
Unless you're in intelligence
It's really really really really really unclear
And so this is why it is really important for people to see as much as they can read as much as they can and then use these
Sort of general principles of critical thinking so you know what your sources are what their biases may be and
Getting multi-source information about one incident or one thing allows you to determine for yourself
What you think the narrative is because for each person out there
There's a separate narrative of what is actually going on. I don't think that the sole goal is to
to
Scatter publics that any sort of unified public certain here confidence that this is that we have
Corey you talked about you don't think at least that when I think that's part of their meetings that they go like no big big big picture
Because I mean no, no, I do think that's part of it, but I think that there are other within that
I think there are other more to specifically to sign defined
Measures and goals and there are things that are targeted
That's great. I mean, yeah, that's certainly
To I mean
Listen Frazier all I want to know is where the bad guys are
No, no, I
Like that that advice from what I called of it is like yeah
Be smart and like understand that they even the internet is mostly garbage and that
Everything is a narrative and everything's being assembled and pre-processed and that and that and that I think maybe not to put words in your mouth
But like maybe I just did a little diatribe about how
the bad guys want everybody to hate each other and
Like maybe adding to that also we're getting our news from good guys that don't necessarily
Lose money from us hating each other
So it's
Like this country needs nothing more right now than a nice solid clean enemy with a logo
Like and and and and you know, they've they're stepping up and we're going like I'll take the number five with cheese
You look at like like a good example is like I can't feel the guy saying but the former KGB agent who was was
radiated
That means he that means he hasn't been listening for 20 minutes, that's that's what he does he picks one
Looking at my he puts his glasses down. I was looking at the text that you've been sending me over the last oh come on
All right. All right. Hey you home. Yeah, give me a bit got a tend to some cat
Schrabbing over no wait, bro. Come at 630, bro. You fucking idiot
It wasn't even clear who was saying what?
You were calling me a fucking idiot
You were coming over a half hour early in specify. No, you were saying Schrabbing over
The the the there's a geopolitical tinderbox underneath this right now
Powder keg you guys could be talking about the Packers. I could I'm so I'm so I don't know my brain
You know
I'm the definitely I'm the definitely the Gargamel in this situation. I can't
But I only have my bucket is only so big
Spencer disappeared he just like evaporated he like went away. He's gone. You're not making fun of him
He gets a buy. I don't get a buy. I'm a fucking idiot because I came over a half hour early
September 21st
I mean the truth I remember that day I was I had just gotten home and I was I was about to masturbate
Dude, we have an agreement
I'm like scrubbing over and I'm like scrubbing over my that doesn't mean you have to come downstairs. I get it
How many times I get it dude. I can't come that way. I
Talked up like oh, sorry. I'm no I got it buddy. I'm just down here to take your time. I'll go I'll go to the grocery store
What a good friend so understanding
Oh, we live together on Norton. It was like that. I was younger nothing
Now it's like fucking, you know news can put me out for a week, right? That's true
So Isis is pronounced how?
Dice dice I think but if you say it candy man comes and kills you that's what it's alright
Okay, I mean, I don't know or but we're not supposed to be scared, right? Okay. We're not scared everybody shopping
That's how you that's how you beat them go shopping love your way of life
That's what they hate. I'm doing okay your way of life
This is my salad days man. All right, I
Mean as I get Steve Steve Levyme out here just to check in with them. I know that I know that people
Yeah, have you I know I'm not I'm not I'm not gonna I'm not gonna rap tonight. I don't need thank you
But I'm just I'm just curious. Have you listened to the public enemy song
Where we talked about no, what?
Back we back up. I don't know what you what's the big public enemy song that number one
I'm not gonna look at them large when I ask. I'm looking over on the space because we're all beams of light
Public enemy had the big number one that was there they're fucking like fear of a black planet. Well, that was the album
What was the song? I didn't say was hello. Can you go to throw whatever other nose?
Bring the noise, right
That's anthrax so listen to bring the noise, but not the anthrax version. Okay. Yeah, I won't know I won't listen to that
I'm talking to Steve leafy. You were looking at me, man. I'm not gonna listen to it
I won't listen to that ever. No, I know that
No, I'd like to know I won't listen to it
Yeah, I don't like scratching your pants
Come on get your chin off your chest. Let's look at these people
Come on look at who you're talking to for once. There you go now. All right, you ask your therapist and she'll tell you
I'm capable of dissolving relationships that are supposed to be forever
I don't know any any fucking bounds
I'll go to the bathroom and you know after after using me and then I'll be in there for a long time and you'll come in
There'll be a curtain blown in the wind
And then and then you'll see a black-and-white photo of me like as a in Alaska ice fishing
And I'll be like and it'll be from 1911
That's how that's how that's how that's how far away from you all get I'll become a weird like like a
psychological thriller
With a question mark for an ending you won't even know you'll you'll have to write a paper about it just to yeah
Yeah, I don't think I'll do that
I'll skip the paper
Do people read newspapers anymore? I mean come on. This is me. Oh, what's happening?
The weather
Who does that?
I mean seriously nobody does that anymore. Kill more trees. Anyway, take no prisoners. Yeah
So so
newsprint
Ink on your fingers
Under your fingernails by the way journalism industry if you're listening to me. I pray you are
I've been repping here and all that you're wondering. How are you gonna save journalism?
There's no just make a seal make a thing get together with the last of the journalists that still exist have a meeting
You know, it doesn't have to be a government thing make it a private consortium of respected
journalists
You know that I've made of the an impartial kind of like consortium of
of journalist experts and that that and create a thing that you put on a website if your website
purports to be taken seriously as a source of actual news that you would then
Like like just put a little logo in the corner. That's very very distinctive and oh, how do you enforce that?
No stuff. It's like it'll be better than nothing
It'll be a barrier between fecal matter and drinking water on the internet like if it looks like so that's it because this is
Yeah, so like like stop this because the fucking senators talking about videos that don't exist of babies looking at the camera and going
Help me before they get a board
Because they read about it and fucking
Shark Mike
World dot blog org
I and and and he's doing a bit
That no one knew about anyways. All right. Just wanted put a little seal
Yeah, purported purported just dude said interdiction. I don't even know what the fuck
No, I'm agreeing with you. I'm gonna ask later
I'm so that I was too stupid. I was too stupid to be proud of myself for wanting to know. I'm so stupid
I'm too stupid to ask. What does that mean? I
Don't I just I just listen
Contextually I got over time it meant like intervention or
Interview taking a circumscription circumventing
Look all I want to know is where they are
You know what can I just say I should say this though. This is outside of all that stuff
All right, and back to the first one. Here we go the Channey words yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, it was a 12th annual awards
Yeah, well, yeah, but there were a lot of people there. Yeah, and a new group
It's okay. It's okay. I've just got going down the facts. Here we go. Okay. Here we go. Okay. Okay, Dan was there
We had an important meeting. He had an important meeting more important than channel 101. Yeah, okay. Here we go. Let's go
Could have been very lucrative is very
He's gonna make a lot of money. Oh
My studio is I keep right right right. I know I know I know like channel 101 doesn't make you any money
So you didn't go. All right. Here we go. Hey, what happened?
It's
Okay, all of this contributes to the great thing that happened last night it happens once a year at the end of the year where I
Guess it's just sort of acknowledges the fact that this thing is there, but there were so many people there
Who are friends of mine from the time I got to LA up until now were still my friends
Which is insane and almost doesn't happen in the city
and people who
You know we should just sit around and eat Oreos and watch TV and now we actually do things in the fields that we came out here
to pursue
There were new people there
Coming just to see there were people working as interns who had just heard about it and thought that this was a chance to get close
To it and actually physically do something and and be around it. It's a great thing
I think a lot most of the really good stuff that I've done since I've been in the city
is connected to
that
place figurative or otherwise and the friends that I've made through it and
So it's just a nice thing to be sitting in the back of that row and watching, you know
I mean, I don't know whether I'll do much or anything with it this year
but I'll do some things and
And I'll but I will always have those friends those friends are always around and we'll always hang out and do
Great stuff, and it was just watching people. It was run by a whole new group of people. It's really beautiful
struggling
Struggling to hold that thing together because they made the mistakes at each new group that comes in and the next year
They got a better handle on it and another handle on it. It's just great to watch it
It's I think it's fantastic, and I think you guys in that speech
I mean, I know I'm walking into this trap, but we I pay for it
Missed one Chinese I paid for it and one year of channel 101 screens
I
Thank you
I haven't got a channel 101 in a year either, so I'm big of a dick
So then you go to the Chinese cuz yeah, yeah out of guilt and I got so fucking stoned that I might as well have not been there
I was like cackling throughout the entire thing people were just like
Okay, so we'll just put this here, and then I'm like
All right, we're just gonna put this here and sorry, man, we're having a stutter in the
I was a mess. It was a mess. It's glad you didn't see me. I'm glad you weren't there Dan to see me
So glad you weren't there cuz I'm
I'm trying to I'm trying to keep the studio afloat and that
It's as it expands more channel one to one people get to get have jobs as actual writers and directors and things
This plate this thing has drawers. I've never noticed all right
What have you found Jeff Davis his secret diary I found a piece of paper day one I think I'm gonna tell the cake story
I can't remember exactly what happened, but I know the chef thanked me for eating it
It's a list just shared the 9-11 dream
What won't do that again
Damn, there's a treasure map
All right, let's let's let's do a quick shadow run all right
Super quick, and I gotta go I got shit to do man super quick super quick man
I'm recording Pratt at like 1 30 tonight man super quick recording Pratt. I got a quick Pratt recording
Hey man in between
In between like films you've changed super super quick. It's hitting out man. I haven't changed. I'm still a gorilla
Yeah, I'm still out there in the trenches. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you are
Super quick man, and I got like it's recording got this sesh
Gotta record banks. I remember when you used to say the whole word session
Sesh got this sesh man one one o'clock. You used to love how long the word was he was like I love the word session
No, it says everything. I got no time man. I don't know good time. I got Pratt got banks
I got pant crap Pratt and banks one 30 tonight because they're on the other side of the world
They're in Australia, you know doing some other stuff recording out of there. What's this? What's this another award?
I'll take it
Hey, thanks everybody
You know when we started this comic back back in 1993 a lot of people said hey, man
You know, there's no future in black and white comic books
But then but I knew Skud was gonna be really good. Oh, this is just details about my character
Oh, man, I am so sorry I showed up
I'm not sorry. I'm sorry for you. I'm
I'm not sorry
I'm sorry for the audience mostly. No, come on. They love you. No, no, no, no, they love you
No, no, no, I I blew it
Did I ate I ate a lot of starch today a lot of
Like like I ate like potato skins ate a lot of rice ate a lot of
bread I
ate a lot of
Yams
So I'm just like my I'm just like I'm just like
You know, you're just Bubba from Forrest Gump
Yeah
Yeah, mainly yeah, so I was you know, I think I'm still stoned from last night Mike Chilean gave me some fucking wicked weed, man
It was all wicked. I had some tea. Oh, yeah, man. I was
I was defying gravity, man. I was defying gravity, man. I was defying some gravity. It was so wicked
It's a wicked reference I
Was on ecstasy when I saw that shows I still don't know if it was good the the witches thing
So they're flying ever seen that they defy gravity you made a reference to it
I've heard some of that takes the Wizard of Oz and it turns you right on an ear
It never needed to be turned on because that move that shows a fucking party about flying monkeys. He didn't like it
I didn't yeah, where were you coming back and being I thought I did like it
But it was also like fire hydrants my eyeballs are wiggling out of my head
I didn't like wicked it wasn't up to my standards
Hey, Dan, what'd you think of the movie? I didn't like it
It wasn't up to my standards. I
Wanted it to be better. I didn't like wicked
Did you watch the whiz I didn't like the whiz I didn't watch the whiz was the whiz good
I've never seen the whiz to mortgage
Is that what happens in that movie well Diana Ross I
Just watch seriously never seen the whiz have you seen the way that's great
It's Michael Jackson. He's who's now no longer with us. Who's like a media?
And Richard Pryor was he what was he he was the whiz. Oh, okay. He was the titillary
This guy loves himself
Trying out words
There's nothing sadder than me trying to
Down keep on down the bro. That's a good song. Doop. Doop. Yeah, it was very popular
It's a good song down. Yeah, no note to self keep on down
You know the song keep on down. You gotta keep on down keep on down the road, right?
That's how it goes. Yeah, but the song is called ease on down, which is weird
The title is different from the lyrics. Gotta keep on down that road. I'm gonna keep on down this
Yellow brick road. I'm gonna keep on down it. I'm gonna keep on down it. Do you ever see return to us?
It's Walter Merch right what that's Walter Merch right Walter Merch is the return to us
Hi, I'm Walter Merch
You know me from the other movies. I've made return to
Wonderland
Return to Sesame Street now. I'm going to return to a place
That many have not returned to a place where the whole point of the movie was getting away from right right
My name is Walter Merch in return to us a clever shoe thief steals a pair of slippers that are the one way to
Stay in Kansas
Remember when the gnome king remember who's seen it who's seen it really the gnome keep goes
Are you looking for the ruby slippers?
And any and any pulls up his skirt, and he's wearing the ruby slippers, and he's like
Are you looking for these?
This is a cartoon right? No, he's a dude with makeup on and he's gonna
I don't even know this is a return to us live-action film. I've never seen this
No, I've never actually seen the Wizard of Oz either. The gnome king goes. Are you looking for these?
And it's the ruby slippers, and he's like this big dude, and yes
I'm looking for those ruby slippers and and he's like his feet are like this big how big
bitches feet
King that's like the ring I you remember in Lord of the Rings when they you see the ring get a little smaller
I like I like stuff like that. I like when they explain when he threw it in the volcano
We threw it in a volcano man. Hey Dan remember that
He throws it in a volcano
And then they cut back to the other the other hobbits that are like infighting and there it's all slow motion and they're crying
Because the mountain exploded
They're crying like really like that you watch 90 hours of that saga and really all it came down to is could someone have
Just gone and talked to these green ghosts a lot earlier because they turned out to be the nuclear option
It's just like the green ghost that that that that that trilogy should be called a journey to convince the green ghosts to help you
Because once you do you're done. They were like
Brear like like just going through there was just show the elephant monsters that were sober like
Everyone was like green ghosts can't be stopped remember the second one where the B story was the two hobbits and the tree man
walking
Yeah, and the kid was how boring he was
I will spend
time
get it
Talking cuz trees are slow
Not a good time to land this joke Jackson
Moving pictures right ring a bell
Dead alive
Remember how you started yeah, I do punk rock, baby punk rock, baby. You moved faster than this dead alive, baby
The entire movie they're walking to the end of the movie in a tree man, and he's like yeah, well, you know
And they're like then what happened
They would have fixed that it would have been so famous
We'd all be talking about Lord of the Rings it would be a household name
If had only they done a few things
Well, they're gonna reboot that shit
When we gonna reboot Lord of the Rings man, let's get that shit started now
They're actually Sony has the rights to Lord of the Rings for one year and three months and during that time
They're gonna do 900 Lord of the Rings movies. Okay, good. I just read that
They're gonna do young Bilbo
Hey, look at me. We're gonna find out
Look at this look at this mountain
I think I'll I'll cut a hole in it and I'll make a whole house in there and then I'll
Maybe I'll could put the bookshelf over here
This will be the atrium
Ah
You won't believe your eyes when Bilbo Baggins interior decorates his shire
But oh my goodness. Oh my goodness
Who's that at my nothing cuz I haven't made the door yet
It's me Gandalf. I've never met you before but you will a couple of times
What are you knocking on the future?
Who's that over there? Well, that's Mayor Gollum. Hello, everyone. I'm the most handsome man in town. Oh
My god, golem
He's so handsome
I'd like to I'd like to marry golem because he's so handsome with those big beautiful blue eyes of him
I
I'd like to introduce you to my my my twin brother
Smigel
Smigel truly life is
the most precious thing oh
Gollum we all know of your total
Refusal of materialism and you're you're absolute just capricious handsomeness
Hey, golem. I'm sorry. I know you're a best man and everything, but I have some really bad news here
I know you're getting married today, but I just I don't know what happened. I think I've lost I
Lost I lost the very important must be somewhere. Okay. Okay. Wait wait wait wait. I'm gonna stall
I'm gonna go back into the briar, and I'll think of something
It wasn't a bit they always do that bit
Well, then I'm handsome
Let's go fishing next weekend
That was a that's a new segment called lindelof's corner
Where we where we prequelized some of your favorite
Did you know that Sauron and Bilbo were made of the same black goo
I know all right, but come on. We just have to because otherwise I know what you're thinking you're like like let's not do it
Yeah, but I don't think you're going to do I think
Dan Robbins, I think Schrabp's been filibustering the past 20 minutes
I don't think we can force this doesn't want to do punish him play shadow run give us the recap
Ah, let me read something off my phone did somebody else rule see this was exactly what I'm talking about
It's not the demeanor of someone who wants to do this. Where's the music? There's no music. Can't play music. It's not possible
I told you. Oh, you're great. I'll take 10 episodes
All right, this one was written by Scott Brackett. Who's who's in the hospital visiting his grandpa. So I feel like shit
Last week on Harmon run in an adorable attempt at detective work
The team decided to head to a nano opium den after indulging in a little cyberware hate speech
Dr. Friend managed to find his old Schlemau David McChina men
They pulled up to a few cyber beanbags to engage in some light
Conversation and non-consensual brain scanning, but McChina men didn't have the information they sought in the end
He wasn't completely useless
He was able to shed some light on the sinister meat market
Which lures people with the promise of
Companionship and cyber burgers only to snatch them away in a white van to sell their dismembered corpses for meat
The shadow runners quickly hatched a plan to fight honeypot with honeypot
They're currently hanging in an impressive week-long bad shadow runners freeze frame in the nano opium den
Will they find gem our meat market and fresh to flesh linked is augmented reality good for anything besides digital
Mists find out Harmon thing now times
Shadow
That was an important area. All right, let's see. Let's see. Let's do three minutes. Okay. All right guys
Let's go let's go to the meat market. Yep
How do we get there? Fuck this is why we're bad. Yeah
For horticard Voldemort
Oh
Here in a nano opium den. Yeah, we're in a nano opium den. Oh, I'm so high
All right, like nano technology
Yeah, yeah, good. All right, so
Let's leave. Let's let's go talk on the sidewalk. Let's get out of this nano. Yeah. Yeah, let's let's get serious
All right, we I'm I go out into the sidewalk. All right, so bright man. I can't believe it's afternoon
Is it afternoon sure
All right, we were in there a lot longer than we should have been
And I'm not I'm not I'm not a leadership type. I'm not all right. So I'll take charge
You know what after being in that opium den I could use an orange slice I
Think what we need is some vitamin C
There's got to be an orange tree around here somewhere
Is it is it is it at all possible that dr. Friend in his kit of wonders might have a supplement
Oh
Yeah, no you got all sorts of supplements vitamin supplements mineral supplements of the sea
Variety is what we're looking for and is there enough for all one two three four of us
All right, I'm gonna go over to a
I'm gonna contact my my old contact in
Lone Star Phil. All right, I'll follow him
I
Got your back. I've got your back. It's a private phone call. I'll I'll keep everyone away. This is a private call
Do not come any closer. He's having a private call, please please continue
With your call beep boop beep beep beep
Oh, whoa, it's Phil. Hey Phil. So I got a couple of people, you know
Shadowrun types of
Mission that we're on, you know demands that we get in close with the meat market industry
Okay
What kind of what kind of favors you think you could throw me like
You know in terms of like like vouching for me as somebody if I we could see if we could get a job in a meat market
Well, if any any meat market need the word of an old cop, let me know. Oh pass them right along
Sarcasm noted
Please keep walking I
Know it's very interesting, but this is a private phone call. He's still on it. Please keep walking
Sorry about that guy was getting a little bit too close for my liking
Well, what's the big one? What's the one that's always on your radar?
Well, what are you talking about like the McDonald's of meat markets?
I don't know about that. Not how many people do it out here. It's all scattered gangs. All right, Phil. You're breaking up
All right, I want to I don't know. It doesn't happen in the future
All right. All right. All right the phone call click
I want to call hack guy
Okay, you do that. All right. Hey hack guy. Do you know anyone on the inside in the meat markets?
Or is there anyone do you do can you do some hacking and get in there and figure out?
Where they're located in stuff?
No
I will I will I have a mafioso connection that I will reach out to
Telephone call what's his name? Ritz is a Ritz Wilson. Ritz. Okay. Ritz
So hello there Ritz. Hey, how's it going? It's going it has gone better
Hopefully you can shed some light on something. I'm interested in a sort of they call it the meat market
I'm wondering if you have
Information to pass to your good friend like a butcher
This is not that type of meat. Just just hang up. Just hang up
We are looking for you know the sort of
They're collecting people and
Doing some testing and that sort of thing. Oh, yeah human testing lots of corporations do that shit, you know
But these are the ones that tend to vanish periodically along with the people in them. Oh
What?
They vanish. I mean you vanish the people and then you cut them up and experiment on them. Well, okay, then there you go
That's what I'm looking for
Well those happen all over the place, you know, we got cyberware. There's all sorts of brain things
There's magic. There's all sorts of things that need human test subjects, you know, it's pretty common around here
We're specifically
These sort of mutated people the ghoulish people. Hmm. You understand. I don't know anyone who's been looking from ghouls
That's some fucked up shit, man
Do you know what the the place would be where they would be drawn or where they would be taken from taken to from there
If you're talking about ghouls, I mean, there's those clinics, right? They've been popping up popping down popping left and popping right
No, the last one I heard of is called press F5 to Reflesh. It's it's a ghoul treatment
Don't reward that
It takes a technological approach to healing the ghoulish ghoulish nature of its patients
That sounds good
I
Ask about the white bands you're saying like well, I'm not listening. Okay. Yeah
White bands associated with this I don't know about no white bands, but if you're looking for ghouls
That's where the ghouls show up. That's where I'd steal some flesh from so would you could you get me that information and location?
Oh, yeah, I'll email it to you. Is that a round? Yes. Okay, you can data pulse it to me on any other
I doubt I'm data pulsing it to you now received. All right
Gentlemen, I have a great idea. We could dress up as ghouls and
Infiltrate this place. I have a makeup kit
I'll start
Actually, it's not not a bad idea while he's doing that
We should call an uber
Well, I think I'm assuming if we're gonna do a good job of this isn't actually farcical
It probably takes longer than an uber
Oh, it's me. I'm a ghoul
And if y'all want to be dressed up like me
What what what strange
cultural environment resulted in you thinking that ghouls are southern bells
So I'd like to eat some brains right about now
No, it's just me gentlemen. Oh, I do think that's a good idea
I don't I don't think we should do the fans or the the ball gowns, but I
But I do think the idea of looking ghoulish. All right. Well, here's my makeup kit. Please
Use some of that start with the white primer and go
Make sure you remember to use the beauty marks and plenty of rouge
Three hours later
All right, all right follow my lead
Now we call the uber. Yeah
It arrives post-haste
Hello, are you Jamal?
No, the uber self-drive now, it's
Yeah
Well, it's not like Pixar it doesn't have a name it's a car. All right. Yeah
All right, we get in
I'm gonna go to God call shotguns. All right
So anybody ever see a ghoul behave? Oh, we did we fought him, right? So we just kind of we know that shuffle
Yeah, all right. So when we get there, let's none of us do all the talking, right?
Because we're ghouls, right
You guys hear the vice presidents up to his old tricks again, huh?
Are they taking the tunnel are we taking the tunnel?
No, you haven't you haven't put in the destination
See the tunnel so then horde guard
Uses his link to send the destination information you do that the uber it drives the location
It arrives. Oh
All right guys
It's it's almost 1020. Excuse me. I need to get out
Why is he?
I don't understand how he connected those
Perhaps we should split up some of us would go in the back
You you me and don't leave me with her I'll be going with you not blade
All right guys, well, I have a feeling nothing could go wrong. We're dressed as ghouls
There's a puddle in front of me could somebody put their coat over it so I could step
Over it don't want to get my petty coat all damp and y'all
Yeah, yeah, hold the guard removes his
His neoprene sweater
Lays it over the puddle. Oh
Shivery is not dead here
Shadow run future. No, well now. No, no, no, but it's on life support. I would say
It's headed for the meat market. Yeah. All right. Thank you very much. We'll pick that up
We have a show next week, right? Okay. Yeah, come back next week. Maybe Strava'll make it to reprise his role
Thank you so much meltdown sorry we're late again Zach the audio maniac
Justin Marshall our producer
Kris Boruff a director somewhere out there Kevin Day who's been going through a life a life altering
passage of his life and yet is still out there helping us. Thank you Kevin and
I don't know who does Jeff usually think thank you. Thank you. Thank everybody be safe tonight
And I will see you next week Spencer Rob DeMores. Oh
Dan Harmon
And thank you Kyle for sharing your heart transplant story
Okay, did you get any of that